hey it's Josh over J and H today we're
taking a look at the dial Oh ballistic
BLS gx4000 H spinning real this is
brand-new from daya and it is really an
amazing real its construction
constructed of carbon fiber so it's nice
and light weighs only thirteen point
nine ounces that has got their Zion
carbon fiber body and their their air
rotor which is made out of the same
material the spool is aluminum the
handle is aluminum but I guess the main
feature on this reel is going to be the
mag sealed body make it see it says
right there mag sealed basically guy has
been using an oil created by NASA that
responds to a magnet and when in
response to the magnetic forms you can
form shapes out of it so in this case
you're using it to keep water out so
it's forming the shape that forms a seal
so you don't have to worry about water
and sand salt getting in the body and
creating problems they've also used foot
seals gaskets tile seals on the handle
on both sides and you got a waterproof
drag system so it's a perfect reel for
fishing in salt water or fresh water for
that matter but in terms of worrying
about corrosion this reel has got you
covered
ten ball bearings make it incredibly
smooth you know you could turn the
handle effortlessly I'm barely touching
this right now digitally cut gears
smooth powerful drag system is great
seventeen point six pounds of drag at
max and as we all know dial of four
thousand sized reels are bigger than
industry standard so you're going to get
two hundred and sixty or 250 pound test
braid on this reel five point six to 1
gear ratio and like I said a weighs just
thirteen point nine ounces so it's nice
and light perfect for a big freshwater
stuff or inshore saltwater stuff you
know definitely go out and catch the
bass and some fluke in that kind of
stuff and just a really nice girl from
dialog they've done a great job and you
know the technology keeps getting better
and keeps getting better and that's a
great thing
handle knob is a plastic handle now it's
got a little bit of texture to it so
it's not going to slip out your hand
really nice and comfortable it's just a
great package so if you're looking for a
four thousand size reel size reel that's
a highly corrosion-resistant lightweight
not too expensive
you know this reel retails for $210 it's
definitely this is definitely a great
option so check it out it's the dial of
ballistic exb LS gx4000 h spinning reel
they are in stock and available at J and
H calm